Instrumentation options (#31793)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/monitor/azure-monitor-opentelemetry/README.md

## Officially supported instrumentations

OpenTelemetry instrumentations allow automatic collection of requests sent from underlying instrumented libraries. The following is a list of OpenTelemetry instrumentations that come bundled in with the Azure monitor distro. These instrumentations are enabled by default. See the [Usage](#usage) section below for how to opt-out of these instrumentations.

| Instrumentation | Supported library | Entry Point Name | Supported versions |
| --------------- | ----------------- | ---------------- | ------------------ |

> | [Azure Core Tracing OpenTelemetry][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin] | `Azure Core libraries` | `azure_sdk` | |

Reviewer: Are you able to link to a list of which azure libraries are supported by `azure-core-tracing-opentelemetry`?

Author: I tried looking for a clear list in the [plug in](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/main/sdk/core/azure-core-tracing-opentelemetry) but didn't find one. I think the best is just to point to the plug in documentation

> | [Azure Core Tracing OpenTelemetry][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin] | `Azure Core libraries` | `azure_sdk` | |

Reviewer: Are we able to confirm if we can put "All" for supported azure sdk versions?

Author: This would be complicated since it's not just one package. I haven't found a clear answer in the azure core tracing docs. But, I could look more into it.

| [OpenTelemetry Django Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_django] | [django][pypi_django] | `django` | [link][ot_instrumentation_django_version]
| [OpenTelemetry FastApi Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_fastapi] | [fastapi][pypi_fastapi] | `fastapi` | [link][ot_instrumentation_fastapi_version]
| [OpenTelemetry Flask Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_flask] | [flask][pypi_flask] | `flask` | [link][ot_instrumentation_flask_version]
| [OpenTelemetry Psycopg2 Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_psycopg2] | [psycopg2][pypi_psycopg2] | `psycopg2` | [link][ot_instrumentation_psycopg2_version]
| [OpenTelemetry Requests Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_requests] | [requests][pypi_requests] | `requests` | [link][ot_instrumentation_requests_version]

> | [OpenTelemetry UrlLib Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_urllib] | [urllib][pypi_urllib] | `urllib` | | All

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [OpenTelemetry UrlLib Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_urllib] | [urllib][pypi_urllib] | `urllib` | All
```

| [OpenTelemetry UrlLib3 Instrumentation][ot_instrumentation_urllib3] | [urllib3][pypi_urllib3] | `urllib3` | [link][ot_instrumentation_urllib3_version]

If you would like to add support for another OpenTelemetry instrumentation, please submit a feature [request][distro_feature_request]. In the meantime, you can use the OpenTelemetry instrumentation manually via it's own APIs (i.e. `instrument()`) in your code. See [this][samples_manual] for an example.

## Azure Core Distributed Tracing

> Using the [Azure Core Tracing OpenTelemetry][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin] library, you can automatically capture the distributed tracing from Azure Core libraries. See the associated [sample][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin_sample] for more information.

Author: I guess we could hold off as long as we enable it automatically and DON'T allow a way for customers to disable it. That way, if we chose to add it to instrumentations like Node does, it wouldn't break. However, because Node is doing this and it sort of acts the same, I think it would be simpler to include it in terms of use. For documentation, though, I see what you're saying.

> Using the [Azure Core Tracing OpenTelemetry][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin] library, you can automatically capture the distributed tracing from Azure Core libraries. See the associated [sample][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin_sample] for more information.

Reviewer: Offline decision: keep it in instrumentations but remove the separate section about azure core

> Using the [Azure Core Tracing OpenTelemetry][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin] library, you can automatically capture the distributed tracing from Azure Core libraries. See the associated [sample][azure_core_tracing_opentelemetry_plugin_sample] for more information.

Author: Done.

| `OTEL_BLRP_SCHEDULE_DELAY` | Specifies the logging export interval in milliseconds. Defaults to 5000. |
| `OTEL_BSP_SCHEDULE_DELAY` | Specifies the distributed tracing export interval in milliseconds. Defaults to 5000. |
| `OTEL_TRACES_SAMPLER_ARG` | Specifies the ratio of distributed tracing telemetry to be [sampled][application_insights_sampling]. Accepted values are in the range [0,1]. Defaults to 1.0, meaning no telemetry is sampled out. |

> | `OTEL_PYTHON_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` | Specifies which of the supported instrumentations to disable. Disabled instrumentations will not be instrumented as part of `configure_azure_monitor`. However, they can still be manually instrumented by users after the fact. Accepts a comma-separated list of lowercase [Entry Point Names](#officially-supported-instrumentations). For example, set to `"psycopg2,fastapi"` to disable the Psycopg2 and FastAPI instrumentations. Defaults to an empty list, enabling all supported instrumentations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `OTEL_PYTHON_DISABLED_INSTRUMENTATIONS` | Specifies which of the supported instrumentations to disable. Disabled instrumentations will not be instrumented as part of `configure_azure_monitor`. However, they can still be manually instrumented by users using `instrument()` directly. Accepts a comma-separated list of lowercase [Entry Point Names](#officially-supported-instrumentations). For example, set to `"psycopg2,fastapi"` to disable the Psycopg2 and FastAPI instrumentations. Defaults to an empty list, enabling all supported instrumentations. |
```

Author: Using "instrumented with `instrument()` directly" instead
